style-guide: clarify that any client may have --render (#5915)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

For other ways to use `tldrl`, such as linting an entire directory, check out (what else!)
[`tldr tldrl`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/common/tldrl.md)

> If you're using the Node.js or Python clients of tldr-pages, you can preview a page locally using the `--render` argument (aka `-f` in Node.js, and `-r` in Python):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Node.js or Python client of tldr-pages, you can preview a page locally using the `--render` argument (aka `-f` in Node.js, and `-r` in Python):
```

Reviewer 2: Another suggestion?

```suggestion
If you're using the Node.js or Python tldr-pages clients, you can preview a page locally using the `--render` argument (aka `-f` in Node.js, and `-r` in Python):
```

Reviewer: Sounds good, however it would still be `client` right?

Reviewer 2: `clients` should be plural, because you're referring to multiple clients theere - both the Node.js and Python clients.

Author: @sbrl should I add the C client to the list? or maybe a generalization like `try --render in your client.`

Reviewer 3: I'd write this line like this:
```suggestion
Your client may be able to preview a page locally using the `--render` flag:
```
That way,
- We don't need to list the clients
- We don't need to list the possible short options

Reviewer: Sounds like a good option, especially since most users just install what's in the repos and don't know which one they're using.

> If you're using the Node.js or Python clients of tldr-pages, you can preview a page locally using the `--render` argument (aka `-f` in Node.js, and `-r` in Python):

Reviewer: Is there a reason you replaced `flag` with `argument`?

Author: I think `flag` is used for one letter arguments, but the correct term is `command line argument`.

Reviewer: Oh, interesting
